[bouncy piano intro]

YouTube's Automatic Captioning feature, or autocaption,
is a tool for producing a rough draft of your video's captions.
The accuracy of the captions depends
on your video's sound quality - the clearer it is,
the more accurate the captions.
However, because autocaptions are a rough draft,
they will need to be edited for spelling,
punctuation, capitalization, as well as for notations
indicating important sounds and changes in speaker.

There are also a few formatting errors
that we'll keep an eye out for, such as:
floating words, too many lines of text on-screen,
and too many words in one line.

To avoid looking for too much at once,
we'll make several passes through the captions,
checking for one or two things at a time.

Let's take a closer look at how this works!

From my channel's Video Manager,
I'll locate one of my auto-captioned videos,
click the drop-down arrow next to Edit,
and select Subtitles and CC.

A button for the autocaption track appears.
I'll click the button to open the caption editor.
The caption editor has three areas:
the video preview,
the video's audio track,
and the editing tool.

Use the preview to play the video and see
how the captions appear on-screen.
The video's audio track contains the video's sound information.
Don't worry, YouTube hasn't
removed the sound from the video,
this is just a display so that you can see
when sound begins and ends.

This is helpful when it's time to sync the caption lines.
Clicking the Edit button, in the Edit Tool,
allows you to make changes to the autocaptions.
You can add a caption line, for example,
this video begins with music, so I'll add a caption line
to make that notation.

You can also delete a caption line.
Here's a floating word, so I'll delete it by
hovering the mouse over the caption line and
then clicking the X that appears.

I'll continue to edit the autocaptions,
by making a couple more passes to check for spelling,
punctuation, capitalization, floating words, sounds, and changes in speaker.

OK, I'm satisfied with the accuracy of these captions,
so I'll revisit the video's audio track and
adjust when they appear so they are synced
with the audio.

The audio track has
a scrubber that is useful for aligning the
sound with the captions. I can use the blue line
as an indicator of when the caption should appear in the video.

See what happens when I pull the scrubber?
The captions that cross the blue line appear on-screen.
I'd like for this caption to last a little longer on-screen,
so I'll drag the right edge of its box to the right.
There we go.

I'll continue aligning the captions to the sound.

OK! The captions are ready to be published.
Allowing YouTube to autocaption your videos
allows you to work with a draft of your captions,
making the captioning process less time consuming and more manageable.